added a note about swagger ui & redoc integration (#98)
ash-project/ash_json_api: documentation/tutorials/getting-started-with-json-api.md

    # Add the uuid of a Ticket you created earlier
    curl 'localhost:4000/api/json/helpdesk/tickets/<uuid>'
    ```

> **Note:** If you want to expose your API via Swagger UI or Redoc, follow [this documentation](https://ash-hq.org/docs/guides/ash_json_api/latest/topics/open-api).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Open API

If you want to expose your API via Swagger UI or Redoc, follow [this documentation](/documentation/topics/open-api.html).
```
